## Be an engineer, not a developer

So few months ago I was just reading a news about Gumroad getting open source officially. Gumroad has been one of my favourite idea by the way they let you monetize your digital assets. I was getting into autmated scripts and web scrappers at the same time. I was wondering why isnt nobody selling scripts? Why would someone buy scripts when you everything is already open source and I realized it is true. But I was seeing new email agents being built every day, habit tracker and a lot of thing by indie hackers which can have common architecture but some with better UI, some with better customer support.

But ever since the rise of LLMs some developer main focus has become only on to the frontend part and a lot of people think they can vibe code their backend. I know this sounds unintuive and impractical to real engineers but it was actually happening.

I thought why not solve this through a problem? Give them pre bundled APIs. Give us your requirement, we bundle your APIs and host it on cloud for you. I wasnt thinking about earning money from this. I was just thinking about engineering part of this idea. There could be multiple usage of this idea btw… like you could be building an ecommerce site and you could want an endpoint to track real time price to display on ur site, instead of implementing and hosting and managing it manually, take the pre built battle tested API that is already developed by someone with experience, hosted on our servers for the indie hackers.



