# what is the update mr?

Actually I was stuck in another freelance project and I was not able to work on this project but now I am free. 

So what I have completed so far is the basic structure of the project. Decided to use nextjs for frontend and nestjs for main backend (because I like nest). I am also using superbasedb for the database and clerk for auth. 

### Tech stack
- Nextjs for frontend
- Nestjs for backend
- Supabase for database (postgres)
- Clerk for auth
- postgres for database (development)
- Docker for containerization (development)


Let's get started with the actual documentation. So first thing first, I coded the auth part using clerk and custom components and got stuck because the clerk was redirecting to the /sso-callback page and I was restriting it in middleware lol and as I was busy with the freelance project I was not able to pay attention to it. 

But now I have fixed it and now the auth is working fine.

### Auth
- created custom components for sign in and sign up 
- using clerk for func for auth and state management
- clerk for oauth with google and github
- using clerk for giving jwt to send to the backend
- created sso callback page to handle the redirect from clerk after auth (but I cant sync user data from clerk to my own db yet because I it didnt feel right didnt experiment it yet)
- created usersync func to sync the user which run everytime when component mounts and called it in the /marketplace page because that's where the user is being redirected after auth


### JWT token management
- created a guard to protect the route 
- but to do it safely, created an endpoint in nextjs backend to save the jwt token in the cookie
- created a nestjs guard to check the jwt token in the cookie from jwks and verify it 
- in the payload, I am also sending the user email so that I can use it to fetch the user data from the database


### Giving access of the user to github repo
- created another oauth application from the blacktree github account
- this time for authorization, I am using the github api to get the user repos and then I am using the github api to get the repo details
- tried doing it by pasting the url directly but rate limit is very less

